# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 02-nov-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL


## Attendees

- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Krzysztof Sielski (Deutsche Telekom)
- Georgios Papadopoulos  (Deutsche Telekom)
- Sebastian Köller (Vodafone)
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[PR#29](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/29) | WG | Create MOM-2023-10-19
[PR#31](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/31) | DT | Alignment with changes in https://github.com/camaraproject/Template_Lead_Repository
[Issue#11](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/11) | TEF | Deep Into Use Cases
[Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | TEF, WG | API Enhancement due to Consent Management
[Issue#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/19) | VF | Solving the chain identification issue

### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
Create MOM-2023-10-19 - [PR#29](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/29) | Meeting Minutes of 19th October Meeting ready for review. Commented during the meeting the review of them to have the approval and merge them.
Alignment with changes in https://github.com/camaraproject/Template_Lead_Repository - [PR#31](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/31) | PR triggered by DT (Rafał) in order to align WG repository with the guidelines of CAMARA regarding [Testing Folder](https://github.com/camaraproject/Template_Lead_Repository/pull/1). Reviewed and approved. `MERGED` after the meeting
Solving the chain identification issue - [Issue#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/19) | As commented during last meeting, Pedro triggered a PR to compile the output of the Issue. The proposal is under [PR#30](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/30), along with other Commonalities alignments and editorial enhancements. The target name of the parameter to identify the blockchain is still TBD (currently appears as `blockchain`). Pedro (TEF) indicates it is still pending to add the exception to manage the scenario mentioned by Krzysztof (DT) in the last meeting, but generated in advance to receive comments from the participants. Georgios (DT) gave an OK to the proposal in terms of the description provided. Krzysztof (DT) and Sebastian (VF) will review offline. Sebastian also asks two points:<br/> • If Issue#19 will be closed after the merging of this PR, and Pedro indicates that this is the objective (keeping v0.2.0-wip, just to discuss later within the WG the next steps).<br/> • The meaning of `<sub_id>` within the blockchain identification model, where Pedro answers it is the name given to the concept under L2 and Testnets blockchain identification (in EVM it matches the concept of chainId), and it is open to receive inputs if other name is considered more suitable, and for sure it can be reviewed in the future.
Deep Into Use Cases - [Issue#11](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/11) | Commented during the meeting to check this issue by participants in order to receive comments and see if further description is incorporated into Use cases description document. 
API Enhancement due to Consent Management - [Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | TEF indicates next week will synchronize this point internally with Business and comment back to the issue.


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
	• Next meeting: 16th November - 13:00 - 14:00 CEST<br/>
