# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 28-sep-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees

- Stefan Engelbert (Aloaha/CodeB)
- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Sebastian Köller (Vodafone)
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
WG Status | WG | WG current status
[Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | WG | Main WG participants have subscription enabled
[Issue#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/12) | TEF | Required 'currency' information in API design
[Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | TEF, WG | API Enhancement due to Consent Management
[Issue#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/19) | VF | Solving the chain identification issue

### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
WG Status | Currently, initial baseline version (v0.1) is generated. A tag will be generated to track this baseline version (PR to be generated). Next steps are to progress in open issues and after that review Use Stories description. After meeting, Pedro (TEF) synchronized status with Krzysztof (DT) that joined later. Also bi-weekly meetings will be scheduled.
Review Members Access to WG - [Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | Klaus (VF) and Krzysztof (DT) pending to enable their subscription to the WG. Sebastian (VF) will comment internally to Klaus and Pedro (TEF) comments offline to Krzysztof.
Required 'currency' information in API design - [Issue#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/12) | Pending comments by Georgios, issue is kept OPEN and to be reviewed in next meeting.
API Enhancement due to Consent Management - [Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | Pedro comments it will be reviewed internally with Product next week in order to have feedback. Initially, Use Case addressed by TEF is to set up consent once per user.
Solving the chain identification issue - [Issue#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/19) | Sebastian (VF) explains rationale fo this topic. Underlying idea is to have a set of manually defined (reduced set) of layer 1 blockchains and use optionally the chainId for layer 2 blockchains when it apply. For instance for Ethereum-based chains there is an already chainId defined for them in https://chainlist.org/. Stefan (CodeB) agrees with this proposal baseline. Pedro (TEF) will check in detail.


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
	• Next meeting: 5th October - 13:00 - 14:00 CEST<br/>
