# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 30-nov-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL


## Attendees

- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Georgios Papadopoulos (Deutsche Telekom)
- Sebastian Köller (Vodafone)
- Pedro Díez (Telefónica)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
WG Status | WG | BlockchainPublicAddress WG Status
[Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | TEF, WG | API Enhancement due to Consent Management
[Issue#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/19) | VF | Solving the chain identification issue
AoB | WG | Other topics

### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
WG Status | After [PR#30](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/30) merge, v0.2.0-wip is available in code folder. So far, it will be kept `ON-HOLD`, until some Commonalities guidance are being resolved (i.e. AuthN/AuthZ section), so it can take advantage before generating a new release if required.
Solving the chain identification issue - [Issue#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/19) | `CLOSED` after review and approval of [PR#30](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/30) by Georgios (DT) and Sebastian (VF) respectively. [PR#30](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/30) is `MERGED` during the meeting.
API Enhancement due to Consent Management - [Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | Feedback from Pedro (TEF). Business Unit Privacy Assesment is still pending and probably will happen next year. Will be kept `ON-HOLD` until it.
AoB | Some topics during the meeting:<br> • Georgios (DT) asks whether implementation topics are discussed within CAMARA WG scope. Pedro (TEF) comments implementation is not under the scope of CAMARA but probably hosted in the context of Operators meetings within each country, where alignment about implementation of different APIs/features is taking place  (a.k.a. local champions). <br> • Pedro (TEF) indicates it will trigger a new PR to add Krzysztof as codeowner.  <br> • Sebastian (VF) shares with the WG he will be leaving it by the end of this year. WG appreciates the effort and contribution from Sebastian during these months. A PR will be triggered to removed him as a maintainer and codeowner.<br> • Agreed to have next meeting on 12th December (same slot), being the latest during this year.


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
	• Next meeting: 12th December - 13:00 - 14:00 CEST<br/>
