# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 22-feb-2024<br/>
**Status:** FINAL


## Attendees

- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Georgios Papadopoulos (Deutsche Telekom)
- Krzysztof Sielski (Deutsche Telekom)
- Jorge Ordovás (Telefónica)
- Pedro Díez (Telefónica)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
WG Status | WG | BlockchainPublicAddress WG Status
[Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | TEF, WG | API Enhancement due to Consent Management
[Issue#38](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/38) | WG | Linting rule set for Blockchain Public Address API
AoB | WG | Other topics

### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
WG Status | **Linter Rules**: The linter rules from commonalities have been tested successfully and will be applied to the working group repository. New Issue and related PR will be triggered in the next weeks. AP@Pedro<br> **New Topic**: An issue will be created to discuss how to handle the scenario of requesting a binding for a configuration that already exists. The proposed solution is to use the 409 conflict error code. AP@Pedro
[Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | The issue of consent management and privacy will be resumed in the next meeting, as there is no clear business feedback yet. Pedro wants to have some guidelines or conclusions to move forward with this topic. Agreed by Jorge, Georgios, Krzysztof, Rafał.
[Issue#38](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/38) | Linter tested OK, then issue is `CLOSED`.
AoB | Pedro contacted Klaus (VF) offline and informed that Klaus will not join the working group for the time being (short-term). Maybe in the mid-term. He will follow offline the progress.<br> Next meetings (next two months due to Pedro personal matter) will be moved temporarily to 11:00 - 12:00 CET Time. Agreed by the team.<br><br>Pending points for the next meeting are:<br>• Discuss the issue of consent management and privacy and try to reach a conclusion or a way-forward. <br>• Review the issue and the pull request for the 409 conflict error code scenario.


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
	• Next meeting: 7th March, 11:00 - 12:00 CET<br/>
