# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 20-jul-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL


## Attendees
- Klaus Reifenrath (Vodafone)
- Sebastian Köller (Vodafone)
- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)


## Goals

Review Members Access to WG </br>
Next Actions </br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
Review Members Access to WG | WG | Check susbcription status of members
Next Actions | WG | Actions for next meeting


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ----
Review Members Access to WG | Commented in the meeting, in order to be able to manage maintainers and code owners for the WG. Being checked by VF members (Sebastian, Klaus). Sebastian seems to have access, Klaus is managing it. Issue will be opened when members have access to WG in order to include them as maintainers/codeowners based on their github user.
Next Actions | Commented about the following: <br/> • Adopting github templates as per Commonalities. To be more agile, Rafał (DT) will generate PR so it can be reviewed and merged (currently only Pedro as codeowner) [PR#8](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/8). Generated after meeting. Reviewed and Merged.<br><br/> • Blockchain identification: Use of a DID is to ensure the "user identification" within a blockchain. The fact of binding it to a phoneNumber is to make a friendly way for Devs and Users to manage transactions between blockchains in a more natural way.<br><br/> • Comments raised by VF in order to provide more detail in Use Cases. Deeping into access to the functionality and privacy topics. Issue to be opened by TEF in order to provide information and begin discussion (that can be lead into Use Cases description enhancements and API spec adjustments).<br><br/> • Question raised by VF within [Issue#6](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/6) about the need of indicating a currency in binding and fetch blockchain functionality. Within a given blockchain, several currencies may be used, so it might not be considered as mandatory in design. Also, Use Cases can guide in the inclusion of this metainformation. TEF will also check internally this.
  

### Next Steps

- Next Meetings:<br/>
• 27th July - 13:00 - 14:00 CEST<br>
