# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 05-oct-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees

- Stefan Engelbert (Aloaha/CodeB)
- Rene Reinsberg (Celo Foundation)
- Kevin Tharayil (Celo Foundation)
- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Georgios Papadopoulos (Deutsche Telekom)
- Sebastian Köller (Vodafone)
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
WG Status | WG | WG current status 
[Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | WG | Main WG participants have subscription enabled
[Issue#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/12) | TEF | Required 'currency' information in API design
[Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | TEF, WG | API Enhancement due to Consent Management
[Issue#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/19) | VF | Solving the chain identification issue

### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
WG Status | New members from Celo Foundation joined the meeting (Rene, Kevin). They refer during the meeting to some initiatives they have been involved: [Minipay](https://www.opera.com/de/products/minipay) and [Valora](https://valoraapp.com/)<br><br> With regards to WG status, next step is to generate a release for the initial version v0.1.0, [PR#23](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/23) to generate `CHANGELOG.md` is ready and will be merged after meeting.<br> Work done after the meeting.<br> • New Release tag [v0.1.0](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/releases/tag/v0.1.0) generated.<br> •  Release content [release-0.1.0](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/tree/release-0.1.0)
Review Members Access to WG - [Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | To make more agile WG work, Georgios (DT) and Sebastian (VF) are settled as both maintainers [PR#14](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/14) and codeowners [PR#24](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/24). When Klaus (VF) and Krzysztof (DT) enable their subscription we will comment to include as maintainers and codeowners. Both PRs are `MERGED` and the Issue is `CLOSED`. 
Required 'currency' information in API design - [Issue#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/12) | Agreed to be closed. `CLOSED` after the meeting.
API Enhancement due to Consent Management - [Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | Pedro (TEF) illustrates the topic for anyone to have some background and also indicates have internally address this with their product team and their concern is that the checking for the permission for every transaction may be a stopper for business cases as it is not the best performance, also indicates that probably some product guidance from GSMA OGW would be helpful. Sebastian indicates that it should be avoided that personal information can be leaked by anyone and we should ensure the restricted access to this information. Georgios also comments not only the access to blockchain info but the knowledge of phonenumbers that can be used for spaming services. In this context, Celo comments about some work they have performed in [user identity in blockchain](https://docs.celo.org/protocol/identity/odis-use-case-phone-number-privacy).
Solving the chain identification issue - [Issue#19](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/19) | Rationale of the proposal explained by Sebastian is understood. Georgios comments the proposal is in line with the objective of a better blockchain identification scheme. Pedro also comments it is a good way forward and asks some clarification questions, about the identification of ethereum mainnet in this model (blockchain=evm, chainId=1) and to check this proposal does not enter in contradiction with the use of DID for the identification of the blockchain address, where Sebastian indicates there is no constrain/restriction. Pedro will draft a proposal within the issue to get a consensus on this.


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
	• Next meeting: 19th October - 13:00 - 14:00 CEST<br/>
