# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 31-ago-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL



## Attendees

- Stefan Engelbert (Aloaha)
- Georgios Papadopoulos (Deutsche Telekom)
- Krzysztof Sielski (Deutsche Telekom)
- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Sebastian Köller (Vodafone)
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)

 

## Goals

Review Members Access to WG </br>
Next Actions </br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
MOM-2023-08-10 - [PR#17](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/17) | WG | MOM-2023-08-10
Review Members Access to WG - [Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | WG | Main WG participants have subscription enabled
Baseline Proposal [Issue#6](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/6), [PR#5](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/5) | TEF | Basline API Proposal
[Issue#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/12) | TEF | Required 'currency' information in API design
[Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | TEF, WG | API Enhancement due to Consent Management


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ----
Welcome to new members | Stefan Engelbert (Aloaha) joins the WG.
MOM-2023-08-10 - [PR#17](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/17) | Pending Approval, reviewed by Georgios and Sebastian. Will ask Jose Antonio Lucena (TEF) in the meantime other codeowners are added to approve them, so it can be merged. CODEOWNERS and Maintainers files cannot be updated until involved people has WG access. Also Krzysztof will trigger PR to include as a codeowner so Pedro can approve it and therefore have codeowners in the short-term from two companies at least.
Review Members Access to WG - [Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | No news about Klaus status. Asked him offline. Check again next week.
Baseline Proposal [Issue#6](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/6), [PR#5](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/5) | Pedro comments TEF has intention to perform an MVP based on initial proposal and asks WG if we can merge it in order to be able to indicate CAMARA compliance. This does not enter in contradiction with the fact that API can and will be evolved based on output of discussions and future requirements. This version will be set as "v0.1". Also we will have a reference to evolve from it. It is understood within the WG and it is OK to move forward and merge. Pedro will check and make some refinements and advise for review. Intention is to merge (if possible) during 4th September week. 
Required 'currency' information in API design - [Issue#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/12) | Georgios comments it will be needed more time to have a view about currency relationship with the Public Address. Then this issue will be KEPT OPEN. Also comments from Stefan, Krzysztof (topic of having some model to signal/identify chain_id), mentioning [https://chainagnostic.org/CAIPs/caip-2](https://chainagnostic.org/CAIPs/caip-2) (this reference was also provided during July) and Sebastian about potential anidated blockchain "type" model. Summary gathered within then issue and participants will comment over this.
API Enhancement due to Consent Management - [Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | Pedro comments that this topic has raised internally but no feedback yet due to holidays period. In two directions:<br> • About product perspective to manage consent in every GET access to the blockchain information of a given user<br> • In the way of "having" API functionality to manage some kind of whitelists to "allow trusted contacts" the access without request consent.
AoB | Next Meetings, next meeting scheduled for 28th September. Pedro is on holidays next weeks and comments to the WG if any meeting would like to be managed in the meantime, 14th September could be an option (up to WG in case other members consider suitable) 

### Next Steps

- Next Meetings:<br/>
• 28th September - 13:00 - 14:00 CEST<br>
